Indira Gandhi	Prime Minister
Y. B. Chavan	Minister of External Affairs
Jagjivan Ram	Minister of Agriculture and Irrigation
Kamlapati Tripathi	Minister of Railways
Bansi Lal	Minister of Defence
Shri Raj Bahadur	Minister of Tourism and Civil Aviation
H. R. Gokhale	Minister of Law and Justice
Keshav Dev Malaviya	Minister of Petroleum
T. A. Pai	Minister of Industry and Civil Supplies
Kotha Raghuramaiah	Minister of Parliamentary Affairs
K Brahmananda Reddi	Minister of Home Affairs
Shankar Dayal Sharma	Minister of Communications
C. Subramaniam	Minister of Finance
Shri K. V. Raghunatha Reddy	Minister of Labour
Prof S Nurul Hassan	Minister of Education, Social Welfare and Culture
Dr. Narain Nirula Kailas	Member of Parliament
Shri F. H. Mohsin	Deputy Minister in the Ministry of Home Affairs
Shri Vidya Charan Shukla	Minister of Information and Broadcasting
Shri H. K. L. Bhagat	Minister of State for Housing and Urban Affairs
Shri Sanker Ghose	Minister of State for Planning
Shri Shah Nawaz Khan	Minister of State for Agriculture & Irrigation
Shri B. P. Maurya	Minister of State for Agriculture and Industry
Shri Om Mehta	Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs; Minister of State for Home Affairs
Shri Vitthalrao Gadgil	Minister of State for Defence Production
Shri Pranab Kumar Mukherjee	Minister of State for Finance
Dr. V. A. Seyid Muhammad	Minister of State for Law, Justice and Company Affairs
Shri Anant Prasad Sharma	Minister of State in the Ministry of Industry and Civil Supplies
Shri. Dinesh Chandra Goswami	Member of Parliament
Chapalendu Bhattacharyyia	Member of Parliament
Shri H.M Trivedi	Minister of State for Ministry of State and Transport
P. Ranganath Shenoy	Member of Parliament
Badlu Ram Shukla	Member of Parliament
Shri Arvind Netam	Deputy Minister in the Ministry of Education & Social Welfare and Dept. of Culture
Shri Janaki Ballabh Patnaik	Deputy Minister in the Ministry of Defence
Dr. Karan Singh	Minister of Health and Family Planning
Shri. K. Hanumanthaiya	Member of Parliament
Shri Ziaur Rahman Ansari	Deputy Minister in the Ministry of Petroleum.
Frank Anthony	Nominated Member of Parliament
Ebrahim Sulaiman Sait	Member of Parliament
Era Sezhiyan	Member of Parliament
G. Viswanathan	Member of Parliament
Samar Mukherjee	Member of Parliament
Jagannath Rao Joshi	Member of Parliament
Purushottam Ganesh Mavalankar	Member of Parliament
Indrajit Gupta	Member of Parliament
Parvathi Krishnan	Member of Parliament
S M BANERJEE	Member of Parliament
Duti Krushna Panda	Member of Parliament
Hemendra Singh Banera	Member of Parliament
K. Mayathever	Member of Parliament
Aravinda Bala Pajanor	Member of Parliament
PK Deo	Member of Parliament
Ishaq Sambhali	Member of Parliament
Shibbanlal Saksena	Member of Parliament
Dr. Ranenendra Nath Sen	Member of Parliament
Ram Hedaoo	Member of Parliament
Jambuwant Bapurao Dhote	Member of Parliament
N. Sreekantan Nair	Member of Parliament
Shamim Ahmed Shamim	Member of Parliament
HN Mukherjee	Member of Parliament
Krishnan Manoharan	Member of Parliament